I choose the very prestigious school
doors and it's a decent the evoke a
dynamic version dynamic equipment
dynamic inside inside and outside the
e-book prestige I choose the prestige
because it's one of the most luxurious
mom divakar chosed was a dynamical I
choose the range rover evoque in the
fuji white color I chased a black evoke
the light blue one we look white I've
chosen the pure one black color and the
white leather inside wyd evoke with
black windows best looking one on the
parking lot of course now I saw the
other colors I said they are all
beautiful but
I personalized the range rover evoque
with a couple of nights options so I
chose some nice wheels i chose a dark
gray metallic outer color we took all
the d options that can be which is quite
amazing it would like no Santa Claus you
know I was possible for me to chill you
know whatever I want so I took
everything brown leather seats I
personalized with botanical prints
inside and like leather everything goes
would like so it was just black on black
on black on the darkest too colorful
finishes you can get navigation system
TV cameras with the big sound system
there's so much in it that I can tell
you
and of my intro because it's a shape of
the of the car it's really futuristic
it's modern its young its aggressive but
always elegance it's something really
knew about it's a sort of special look
which I haven't seen before to me the
car seems a sexy
not too big not too small it's not too
much buttons and a simple and culture
there is a very big substance in it but
in a stylish way I think it's a great
design piece and being a designer it's a
very natural choice today we saw some
driving around through this area on the
street and we saw that it's really
really very visible and we do fashion
that is very visible and so we think
this car fits perfect gates what we're
doing
it's a car that offers me comfort at the
same time it's also sporty so perfect
for me to drive in the city but also out
of the city I'm living in the center of
Istanbul the streets are narrow and you
have to have a compact car a but also
you I prefer to have a beautiful car so
I'm very very happy it's just a really
exciting car and I think it very much
represents my generation it's like a
dream came true for me it's perfect car
for me I love it
yes